readme.md, before:

# mojs timeline-editor

<img src="https://github.com/legomushroom/mojs-timeline-editor/blob/master/mockups/timeline-editor@2x.png?raw=true" alt="mojs-timeline-editor" />

`MojsTimelineEditor` is a GUI plugin for interactive `html`/`custom points`/`timeline` editing while crafting your animations. Part of `mojs` tools.

## Installation

**Not avaliable on `npm` or `CDN`s yet.**

The `MojsTimelineEditor` depends on `mojs >= 0.225.2`, tween autoupdates available for `mojs >= 0.276.2`. Please make sure you've linked [mojs](https://github.com/legomushroom/mojs) library first.

If you installed it with script link - you should have `MojsTimelineEditor` global.

## Usage

Usage section.

## Shortcuts

Shortcuts.

## Development

Install [webpack](https://webpack.github.io/) globally:

```
[sudo] npm install webpack -g
```

Install dependencies with [npm](https://www.npmjs.com/):

```
[sudo] npm install
```

Run [webpack](https://webpack.github.io/):

```
webpack
```

[optional] Run `gulp` for `liverload`, please make sure that you have `livereload` extension installed in your browser (see [livereload usage notes](https://github.com/napcs/node-livereload)):

```
gulp
```

[comment]: # (Please make sure you started a `feature branch` with the `feature name` ( from the `dev` branch) before making changes.)

## License

(The MIT License)

Copyright (c) Oleg Solomka [@LegoMushroom](https://twitter.com/legomushroom) [legomushroom@gmail.com](mailto:legomushroom@gmail.com)

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the 'Software'), to deal in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED 'AS IS', WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.

Commit message:

change development section in readme

readme.md, after:

# mojs timeline-editor

<img src="https://github.com/legomushroom/mojs-timeline-editor/blob/master/mockups/timeline-editor@2x.png?raw=true" alt="mojs-timeline-editor" />

`MojsTimelineEditor` is a GUI plugin for interactive `html`/`custom points`/`timeline` editing while crafting your animations. Part of `mojs` tools.

## Installation

**Not avaliable on `npm` or `CDN`s yet.**

The `MojsTimelineEditor` depends on `mojs >= 0.225.2`, tween autoupdates available for `mojs >= 0.276.2`. Please make sure you've linked [mojs](https://github.com/legomushroom/mojs) library first.

If you installed it with script link - you should have `MojsTimelineEditor` global.

## Usage

Usage section.

## Shortcuts

Shortcuts.

## Development

To begin development you need to have [node](https://nodejs.org/en/download/) installed

Install dependencies with [npm](https://www.npmjs.com/):

```
[sudo] npm install
```

To start development env. run

```
npm run serve
```

This command will run the webpack-dev-server in inline mode and rerun build on every .js/.jsx/.postcss.css change.
Also it runs eslint to watch relevance of javascript files to a style-guide.

**No globally installed packages are needed.**

[comment]: # (Please make sure you started a `feature branch` with the `feature name` ( from the `dev` branch) before making changes.)

## License

(The MIT License)

Copyright (c) Oleg Solomka [@LegoMushroom](https://twitter.com/legomushroom) [legomushroom@gmail.com](mailto:legomushroom@gmail.com)

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the 'Software'), to deal in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED 'AS IS', WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.
